Reading for me is usually a pleasure, but a slog. In the age of instant media and lowering attention spans, my brain is becoming less and less tuned to read books. Constantly being on my phone definitely does not help, but it has become a way of life for nearly all of Gen Z. I feel slightly ashamed to say I probably have read more TikTok comments in word count than I have actual literature. Although, I am trying to actively change it. I love to read in a nice soft, comfy couch where I can lean back, put my legs up, and just relax. This is not connected to any memories, just purely my laziness shinning through. Some reading habits I have, which are probably not uncommon, is that it is hard for me to start reading a book but once I start I just can't stop. I might take me months to start reading a book, but once I get going, it will probably finished in a week or two. Audiobooks are an interesting supplement to my reading. If I would like to focus more on my reading, I read while listening to the audiobook. This gives a sort of *double emphasis* of any reading I am doing so that it sticks in my brain for longer. My reading identity works to support my personal identity. By reading, I get to have available another source of knowledge, empowering me to adjust my life to work better according to the combination of the dozens of books I would have read. This is precisely why I read, if I am not already reading for school, books that are catered towards Self-help. Books like Atomic Habits and such are books that give you a framework to be a more productive person or increase your general quality-of-life. 